Lab | API wrappers - Create your collection of songs & audio features

Instructions

To move forward with the project, you need to create a collection of songs with their audio features - as large as possible!

These are the songs that we will cluster. And, later, when the user inputs a song, we will find the cluster to which the song belongs and 
recommend a song from the same cluster. The more songs you have, the more accurate and diverse recommendations you'll be able to give. 
Although... you might want to make sure the collected songs are "curated" in a certain way. Try to find playlists of songs that are diverse, 
but also that meet certain standards.

The process of sending hundreds or thousands of requests can take some time - it's normal if you have to wait a few minutes (or, if you're ambitious, even hours) 
to get all the data you need.

An idea for collecting as many songs as possible is to start with all the songs of a big, 
diverse playlist and then go to every artist present in the playlist and grab every song of every album of that artist. 
The amount of songs you'll be collecting per playlist will grow exponentially!




Lab | Unsupervised learning intro
Instructions

It's the moment to perform clustering on the songs you collected. Remember that the ultimate goal of this little project is to improve the recommendations of artists. 
Clustering the songs will allow the recommendation system to limit the scope of the recommendations to 
only songs that belong to the same cluster - songs with similar audio features.

The experiments you did with the Spotify API and the Billboard web scraping will allow you to create a pipeline such that when the user enters a song, you:

    Check whether or not the song is in the Billboard Hot 200.
    Collect the audio features from the Spotify API.

After that, you want to send the Spotify audio features of the submitted song to the clustering model, which should return a cluster number.

We want to have as many songs as possible to create the clustering model, 
so we will add the songs you collected to a bigger dataset available on Kaggle containing 160 thousand songs.
